RHDEVDOCS-7222: Creating content for managing applicationset strategies (#108183)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-configuring-applicationset-deletion-order.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argocd_application_sets/managing-applicationset-strategies.adoc
// * argocd_application_sets/using-progressive-sync-in-openshift-gitops.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-configuring-applicationset-deletion-order_{context}"]
= Configuring ApplicationSet deletion order

> You can configure the deletion order to control the sequence in which applications are removed when they are deleted from the ApplicationSet. This is particularly useful when managing dependent services that must be removed in a specific order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the reverse deletion strategy such that applications are deleted in reverse order of the steps defined in rollingSync.steps of ApplicationSet. This is particularly useful when managing dependent services that must be removed in a specific order.
```
